[DOCS] post-release polishing pass3 mstr (#26784)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino.rst

  with OpenVINO 2024.5.
* Python 3.8 is now considered deprecated, and it will not be available beyond the 2024.4
  OpenVINO version.

  * As MxNet doesn't support Python version higher than 3.8, according to the
    `MxNet PyPI project <https://pypi.org/project/mxnet/>`__,
    it will no longer be supported in future versions, either.

> * dKMB support is now considered deprecated and will be fully removed with OpenVINO 2024.5

Author: ```suggestion
* Discrete Keem Bay support is now considered deprecated and will be fully removed with OpenVINO 2024.5
```
